[Bulk] Broken Link fixes (#878)
MicrosoftDocs/biztalk-docs: biztalk/technical-guides/planning-for-high-availability-and-disaster-recovery.md

- Consider implementing a storage area network (SAN) to house the [!INCLUDE[btsBizTalkServerNoVersion](../includes/btsbiztalkservernoversion-md.md)] databases. The SAN disks should be configured using RAID 1+0 (a stripe of mirror sets) topology if possible for maximum performance and high availability. For more information about using a SAN to house the [!INCLUDE[btsBizTalkServerNoVersion](../includes/btsbiztalkservernoversion-md.md)] databases.

- Plan on installing multiple SQL servers to house the [!INCLUDE[btsBizTalkServerNoVersion](../includes/btsbiztalkservernoversion-md.md)] databases. Multiple SQL servers are required for [!INCLUDE[btsSQLServerNoVersion](../includes/btssqlservernoversion-md.md)] clustering (recommended) and/or housing certain [!INCLUDE[btsBizTalkServerNoVersion](../includes/btsbiztalkservernoversion-md.md)] databases on separate physical [!INCLUDE[btsSQLServerNoVersion](../includes/btssqlservernoversion-md.md)] instances (also recommended).

> - Consider using a virtual environment to control the hardware costs. Microsoft offers a range of virtualization products such as Microsoft Virtual Server 2005 R2, Windows Server 2008 Hyper-V, and Microsoft Hyper-V Server 2008. For recommendations on using [!INCLUDE[btsBizTalkServerNoVersion](../includes/btsbiztalkservernoversion-md.md)] in a virtual environment, see [BizTalk Server 2009 Hyper-V Guide](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=151834).

Reviewer: Current link doesn't go to the correct content:

```suggestion
- Consider using a virtual environment to control the hardware costs. Microsoft offers a range of virtualization products such as Microsoft Virtual Server 2005 R2, Windows Server 2008 Hyper-V, and Microsoft Hyper-V Server 2008. For recommendations on using [!INCLUDE[btsBizTalkServerNoVersion](../includes/btsbiztalkservernoversion-md.md)] in a virtual environment, see [BizTalk Server 2009 Hyper-V Guide](https://download.microsoft.com/download/F/C/F/FCFA6848-2195-49F8-82D5-A47C80F8B2F7/BizTalk%20Hyper-V%20Virtualization%20Guidance.pptx).
```

> - Plan on installing one or more Windows servers in a perimeter network domain to provide Internet-related services for your organization. Configure multiple Windows servers in the perimeter network domain using a network load balancing (NLB) solution. For more information, see [Network Load Balancing Deployment Guide](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=153139).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Plan on installing one or more Windows servers in a perimeter network domain to provide Internet-related services for your organization. Configure multiple Windows servers in the perimeter network domain using a network load balancing (NLB) solution. For more information, see [Network Load Balancing Deployment Guide](/previous-versions/windows/it-pro/windows-server-2008-R2-and-2008/cc754833(v=ws.10)).
```
